create migration guide for Everest (#46)
percona/everest-doc: docs/migration_guide.md

    secret.yaml
    ```

    Apply the secret in the kubernetes cluster registered in Everest:

    ```sh
    kubectl apply -f secret.yaml
    ```

    !!! note alert alert-primary "Note"
        Keep the naming consistent across the two Kubernetes clusters.

5. [Create a new database cluster](use/db_provision.md) using the webUI. Run through the creation wizard to select resources, set the name, and configure the backup storage and monitoring of the cluster.
6. Restore data for your database clusters using the operator's backup and restore features.

    !!! note alert alert-primary "Note"
        - The restoration won't be available for you in the web UI, you'll need to refer to the corresponding operator's documentation for instructions on how to do this.

            -  For PXC https://docs.percona.com/percona-operator-for-mysql/pxc/backups-restore.html
            -  For PSMDB https://docs.percona.com/percona-operator-for-mongodb/backups-restore.html
            -  For PostgreSQL https://docs.percona.com/percona-operator-for-postgresql/2.0/backups-restore.html

        - Each time you run a database cluster, repeat this step.

> 8. Disable the DBaaS feature in PMM by navigating to <i class="uil uil-cog"></i> **Configuration** → <i class="uil uil-setting"></i> **Settings** → **Advanced Settings** on the PMM UI and toggling <i class="uil uil-toggle-off"></i> the **Database as a Service (DBaaS)** option located in the **Technical preview features** section.

Reviewer: After removing step 2 you forgot to renumber the steps accordingly, now we have 1-3-4-5... instead of 1-2-3-4...

Author: Done

    We recommend setting up Percona Everest on the Amazon Elastic Kubernetes Service (EKS) or Google Kubernetes Engine (GKE), as Percona Everest may not work as expected on local Kubernetes installations (minikube, kind, k3d, or similar products) due to network issues.

   
    [Create EKS cluster :material-arrow-right:](quickstart-guide/eks.md){.md-button} [Create GKE cluster :material-arrow-right:](quickstart-guide/gke.md){.md-button}

5. Verify that you have access to the Kubernetes cluster that you want to use with Percona Everest. By default, Percona Everest uses the kubeconfig file available under `~/.kube/config`. 

    To verify access to the Kubernetes cluster, run:
   
    ```sh 
    kubectl get nodes
    ```

??? example "Expected output"
    
    ```{.text .no-copy}
    NAME                                    STATUS   ROLES    AGE   VERSION
    gke-<name>-default-pool-75d48bfc-bx8g   Ready    <none>   11h   v1.26.7-gke.500
    gke-<name>-default-pool-75d48bfc-c2df   Ready    <none>   11h   v1.26.7-gke.500
    gke-<name>-default-pool-75d48bfc-zl7k   Ready    <none>   11h   v1.26.7-gke.500
    ```

## Migration procedure

> 1. Set up a publicly accessible Kubernetes cluster.
> 2. [Provision](use/db_provision.md) the cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. [Install](install/installEverest.md) everest.
```

3. Migrate backup storages from PMM to Percona Everest:

    - Log in to the PMM UI and navigate to the **Backup > Storage Locations** section. The **Storage Location** page opens. You can see the storage locations configured on this page.
    - Click the downward arrow to see the details of the storage location that are configured.

>     - Log in to Percona Everest and go to the **[Backup Storages](use/backupRestore.md#)** section on the UI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Log in to Percona Everest and go to the **[Backup Storages](use/backupRestore.html#prepare-storage-location)** section on the UI.
```

Reviewer: I'm not sure this works but it would be great if it lead the user to the correct section
https://everest-doc-pr-46.onrender.com/use/backupRestore.html#prepare-storage-location

> # Migrate from PMM DBaaS to Percona Everest

Author: Fixed

Migrating from PMM DBaaS to Percona Everest has many benefits, such as decreased operational overhead, improved scalability, and enhanced flexibility. However, planning and executing the migration is crucial to minimize downtime and ensure data integrity. 

Here's a comprehensive guide to help you through the process.

## Prerequisites

> Before getting started with Percona Everest, do the following:

Author: fixed

1. Install [Docker Engine](https://docs.docker.com/engine/install){:target="_blank"} (1.13.0 and higher) with the [Docker compose plugin](https://docs.docker.com/compose/install/){:target="_blank"}.

2. Install [curl](https://everything.curl.dev/get){:target="_blank"}.

3. Install [jq](https://jqlang.github.io/jq/){:target="_blank"}.

4. Set up a publicly accessible Kubernetes cluster. 

    Percona Everest assists with installing all the necessary operators and required packages, but does not currently help with spinning up a publicly accessible Kubernetes cluster.

    We recommend setting up Percona Everest on the Amazon Elastic Kubernetes Service (EKS) or Google Kubernetes Engine (GKE), as Percona Everest may not work as expected on local Kubernetes installations (minikube, kind, k3d, or similar products) due to network issues.

   
    [Create EKS cluster :material-arrow-right:](quickstart-guide/eks.md){.md-button}  [Create GKE cluster :material-arrow-right:](quickstart-guide/gke.md){.md-button}

5. Verify that you have access to the Kubernetes cluster that you want to use with Everest. By default, Everest uses the kubeconfig file available under `~/.kube/config`. 

>     To verify access to the Kubernetes cluster, run the following command:

Author: Fixed.

   
    ```sh 
    kubectl get nodes
    ```

??? example "Expected output"
    
    ```{.text .no-copy}
    NAME                                    STATUS   ROLES    AGE   VERSION
    gke-<name>-default-pool-75d48bfc-bx8g   Ready    <none>   11h   v1.26.7-gke.500
    gke-<name>-default-pool-75d48bfc-c2df   Ready    <none>   11h   v1.26.7-gke.500
    gke-<name>-default-pool-75d48bfc-zl7k   Ready    <none>   11h   v1.26.7-gke.500
    ```

> ## Before you migrate

Reviewer 2: I would put this section before the Prerequisites section.

Author: Fixed.

Here are some key differences between Everest and PMM/DBaaS:

1. Everest has a separate and configurable namespace for running operators and database clusters, whereas PMM/DBaaS uses a default namespace.

2. Everestctl is a tool that helps you install and configure operators and monitoring features, whereas this function was previously handled by PMM.

3. Everest has revamped its backup/restore feature, which means that old backups/restores cannot be used.

> ## Migrate

Reviewer 2: This should be called "Migration procedure", not just "Migrate".

Author: fixed.

1. Create a new Kubernetes cluster.

> 2. [Provision](use/db_provision.md) the cluster using everestctl.

Reviewer 2: This procedure details a DB provisioning flow using the UI,  and it's not applicable here, right?

How does one provision a cluster using everestctl? This should be a different set of steps?

Author: ITs the same as everestctl is the component that provisions clusters.

> 3. Connect your PMM instance (if required.)

Author: @gen1us2k How do we connect?

Reviewer 3: It's done automatically on step 2

Reviewer 2: Then, let's remove this as step 3 and add that the connection is established automatically as a note under step 2.

Author: Done.

> 4. Migrate backup storages from PMM to Everest.

Author: @gen1us2k How do we migrate backup storages?

Reviewer 3: The end user needs to open PMM and the backup management tab, and go to the backup storage section.
on the everest the end user needs open backup storages on the UI and copy paste them from PMM to Everest

Author: done

> 5. Migrate from one Kubernetes cluster to a new cluster using the pattern `everest-secrets-dbclusterName`. 

Author: @gen1us2k How do we do this?

Reviewer 3: I'm not sure how to make this semi-automated way. I need to check

> 5. Migrate from one Kubernetes cluster to a new cluster using the pattern `everest-secrets-dbclusterName`. 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
5. Migrate secrets for database clusters from one Kubernetes cluster to a new cluster using the pattern `everest-secrets-dbclusterName`. 
```

   
    !!! note alert alert-primary "Note"
        Keep names consistent across two Kubernetes clusters.

> 6. Create a new database cluster using the webUI. Run through the creation wizard to select resources, set the name, and configure the backup storage and monitoring of the cluster.

Reviewer 2: Provision a new DB cluster?

Can we add a link to the Provision (https://everest-doc-pr-46.onrender.com/use/db_provision.html) topic?

Author: I have already added a link " [Provision](use/db_provision.md)"

> 7. Restore data for your database clusters using the operator's backup and restore features.

Reviewer 2: We need a link to the Backup and restore topic(s) here.

Author: Added.

    !!! note alert alert-primary "Note"
        The restoration won't be available for you in the web UI for this run, but other backups/restores will be there.

        1. For PXC https://docs.percona.com/percona-operator-for-mysql/pxc/backups.html
        2. For PSMDB https://docs.percona.com/percona-operator-for-mongodb/backups.html

> 8.  Each time you run a database cluster, repeat this step.

Reviewer 2: This is not a step, this should be a note.

9. Disable the ***Database as a Service (DBaaS)** feature in PMM Settings to prevent accidental usage and confusion.

> ## Post-migration

Author: @gen1us2k What are the post migration tasks.

Reviewer 3: We do not have any post migration tasks yet

Author: ok

> ### Perform tests

Author: @gen1us2k How do we test this migration?

Reviewer 3: Try to access the migrated cluster for instance and migrate workloads to the migrated cluster.

5. Verify that you have access to the Kubernetes cluster that you want to use with Percona Everest. By default, Percona Everest uses the kubeconfig file available under `~/.kube/config`. 

    To verify access to the Kubernetes cluster, run:
   
    ```sh 
    kubectl get nodes
    ```

??? example "Expected output"
    
    ```{.text .no-copy}
    NAME                                    STATUS   ROLES    AGE   VERSION
    gke-<name>-default-pool-75d48bfc-bx8g   Ready    <none>   11h   v1.26.7-gke.500
    gke-<name>-default-pool-75d48bfc-c2df   Ready    <none>   11h   v1.26.7-gke.500
    gke-<name>-default-pool-75d48bfc-zl7k   Ready    <none>   11h   v1.26.7-gke.500
    ```

## Migration procedure

1. Set up a publicly accessible Kubernetes cluster.
2. [Provision](use/db_provision.md) the cluster.
3. Migrate backup storages from PMM to Percona Everest:

    - Log in to the PMM UI and navigate to the **Backup Storages** section.
    - Create a [backup](https://docs.percona.com/percona-monitoring-and-management/get-started/backup/index.html).
    - Log in to Percona Everest and go to the **[Backup Storages](use/backupRestore.md)** section on the UI.

>     - Copy the backup from PMM and paste it to Percona Everest.

Reviewer: This isn't correct.

> - Log in to the PMM UI and navigate to the **Backup Storages** section.

We should better guide the users to the backup storages.

> - Create a [backup](https://docs.percona.com/percona-monitoring-and-management/get-started/backup/index.html).
> - Log in to Percona Everest and go to the **[Backup Storages](use/backupRestore.md)** section on the UI.
> - Copy the backup from PMM and paste it to Percona Everest.

This is not what we want, we want for the user to take the values available in the backup storages section of PMM and create a backup storage for each of them in everest by following [the prepare a storage location guide](https://docs.percona.com/everest/use/backupRestore.html#prepare-storage-location)

4. Migrate secrets for database clusters from one Kubernetes cluster to a new cluster using the pattern `everest-secrets-dbclusterName`. 
   
    !!! note alert alert-primary "Note"

>         Keep the naming consistent across the two Kubernetes clusters.

Reviewer: We need to provide a command to do this, @gen1us2k can you help out here?

> 5. Create a new database cluster using the webUI. Run through the creation wizard to select resources, set the name, and configure the backup storage and monitoring of the cluster.

Reviewer: We should link this page https://docs.percona.com/everest/use/db_provision.html

6. Restore data for your database clusters using the operator's backup and restore features.

    !!! note alert alert-primary "Note"

>         - The restoration won't be available for you in the web UI for this run, but other backups/restores will be there.
> 
>             -  For PXC https://docs.percona.com/percona-operator-for-mysql/pxc/backups.html
>             -  For PSMDB https://docs.percona.com/percona-operator-for-mongodb/backups.html

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        - The restoration won't be available for you in the web UI, you'll need to refer to the corresponding operator's documentation for instructions on how to do this.

            -  For PXC https://docs.percona.com/percona-operator-for-mysql/pxc/backups-restore.html
            -  For PSMDB https://docs.percona.com/percona-operator-for-mongodb/backups-restore.html
            -  For PostgreSQL https://docs.percona.com/percona-operator-for-postgresql/2.0/backups-restore.html
```

    We recommend setting up Percona Everest on the Amazon Elastic Kubernetes Service (EKS) or Google Kubernetes Engine (GKE), as Percona Everest may not work as expected on local Kubernetes installations (minikube, kind, k3d, or similar products) due to network issues.

   
    [Create EKS cluster :material-arrow-right:](quickstart-guide/eks.md){.md-button} [Create GKE cluster :material-arrow-right:](quickstart-guide/gke.md){.md-button}

5. Verify that you have access to the Kubernetes cluster that you want to use with Percona Everest. By default, Percona Everest uses the kubeconfig file available under `~/.kube/config`. 

    To verify access to the Kubernetes cluster, run:
   
    ```sh 
    kubectl get nodes
    ```

??? example "Expected output"
    
    ```{.text .no-copy}
    NAME                                    STATUS   ROLES    AGE   VERSION
    gke-<name>-default-pool-75d48bfc-bx8g   Ready    <none>   11h   v1.26.7-gke.500
    gke-<name>-default-pool-75d48bfc-c2df   Ready    <none>   11h   v1.26.7-gke.500
    gke-<name>-default-pool-75d48bfc-zl7k   Ready    <none>   11h   v1.26.7-gke.500
    ```

## Migration procedure

> 1. Create a new Kubernetes cluster.

Reviewer 2: Should we use the same verbiage from before (Prerequisites, step 4): Set up a publicly accessible Kubernetes cluster?

It makes the text more consistent.

Author: fixed.

2. [Provision](use/db_provision.md) the cluster.
3. Migrate backup storages from PMM to Percona Everest.

>     To transfer backup storage from PMM to Percona Everest, follow these steps:

Reviewer 2: This is redundant and can be removed. Let's just add a colon to step 3, then continue with the bullets.

"Migrate backup storages from PMM to Percona Everest:"

    - Log in to the PMM UI and navigate to the **Backup Storages** section.

>     - Take a [backup](https://docs.percona.com/percona-monitoring-and-management/get-started/backup/index.html).

Reviewer 2: I'm not sure about "take" as a verb.

    - Log in to Percona Everest and go to the **[Backup Storages](use/backupRestore.md)** section on the UI.
    - Copy the backup from PMM and paste it to Percona Everest.

4. Migrate secrets for database clusters from one Kubernetes cluster to a new cluster using the pattern `everest-secrets-dbclusterName`. 
   
    !!! note alert alert-primary "Note"

>         Keep names consistent across two Kubernetes clusters.

Reviewer 2: Verbiage:
"Keep the naming consistent across the two Kubernetes clusters."

Author: fixed

5. Create a new database cluster using the webUI. Run through the creation wizard to select resources, set the name, and configure the backup storage and monitoring of the cluster.
6. Restore data for your database clusters using the operator's backup and restore features.

    !!! note alert alert-primary "Note"
        - The restoration won't be available for you in the web UI for this run, but other backups/restores will be there.

>             1. For PXC https://docs.percona.com/percona-operator-for-mysql/pxc/backups.html

Reviewer 2: This list shouldn't be numbered, these are not steps, but options. Can we add bullets?

Author: fixed.

            2. For PSMDB https://docs.percona.com/percona-operator-for-mongodb/backups.html

        - Each time you run a database cluster, repeat this step.

> 8. Disable the **Database as a Service (DBaaS)** feature in PMM Settings to prevent accidental usage and confusion.

Reviewer 2: How do they get to the settings? How do they disable it?

Author: Fixed.

## What's next

> After the migration, you can connect to the new database cluster to check if the data has been successfully migrated.

Reviewer 2: How can they check? Is there something they need to run? Is it visual?

Author: Via the UI. This would be known by a person migrating from PMM to Percona Everest.

## Migration procedure

> {.power-number}

Reviewer: This isn't rendered correctly.
